EDU-13292: New card component (#1391)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/molecules/card.mdx

components:
  - Card.tsx
sidebar_custom_props:
  image: https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/card-component___555627b06a9b8f6dfd0056637576dc8d.png
---

A basic card that divides the content into a header and body, making it ideal for showcasing products, messages, or any other store information.

## Overview

<Tabs items={['Example', 'Code']} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
  <OverviewSection>
    <Card
      iconName="PlusCircle"
      title="Card with Icon"
      style={{width: '300px'}}>
      <h1> Message </h1>
    </Card>
  </OverviewSection>

  </Tab>
    ```tsx
    <Card
      iconName="PlusCircle"
      title="Card with Icon"
      style={{width: '300px'}}>
      <h1> Message </h1>
    </Card>
    ```
  <Tab>
  Code Example

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

## Import

Import the component from [@faststore/ui](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index)

```tsx
import { Card } from "@faststore/ui";
```

### Import Styles into your FastStore project

To apply the styles of this component in your FastStore project, import the following into your stylesheet:

```scss copy
@import "@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/Card/styles.scss";
```

> Follow the instructions in the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](/docs/customizing/importing-styles-to-faststore-ui-components) tutorial.

Reviewer: Correção do link
```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](/docs/guides/faststore/using-themes-importing-ui-components-styles) tutorial.
```

---

## Usage

<OverviewSection>
    <Card
      iconName="PlusCircle"
      title="Card with Icon"
      style={{width: '300px'}}>
      <h1> First Product </h1>
      <hr/>
      <h1> Second Product </h1>
    </Card>
  </OverviewSection>

  <OverviewSection>
    <Card
      title="Card without Icon"
      style={{width: '300px'}}>
      <h1> Message </h1>
    </Card>
  </OverviewSection>

```tsx
<Card
  iconName="PlusCircle"
  title="Card with Icon"
  style={{width: '300px'}}>
  <h1> First Product </h1>
  <hr/>
  <h1> Second Product </h1>
</Card>
```

```tsx
<Card
  title="Card without Icon"
  style={{width: '300px'}}>
  <h1> Message </h1>
</Card>
```

> ---
> 
> ## Props
> 
> <ComponentPropsSection component="Card" />
> 

Reviewer: Essa seção deveria existir? Ela só tem uma tabela vazia. Vou deixar a sugestão aqui para remoção.
```suggestion
```

Author: Ela deveria existir sim, mas no preview que temos para as docs do Developer Portal ele não aparece. A sinformações sobre props dessa tabela são declaradas no próprio arquivo do componente ([aqui](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/main/packages/components/src/molecules/Card/Card.tsx#L6-L27)). Uma vez que publicarmos a doc, ela aparecerá. Algo como [esta do Alert](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/molecules-alert):
<img width="535" alt="Screenshot_644" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4b6b12a9-f32e-42fe-b57f-934995164d8d">

Reviewer: Ah entendi. Como vem de outro arquivo, a tabela não aparecia com as props no preview.
